index.rst, before:

f1tenth - build documentation
================================================

..
  .. only:: not i18n

    .. note:: Godot's documentation is available in various languages and versions.
              Expand the "Read the Docs" panel at the bottom of the sidebar to see
              the list.

    .. attention:: This is the documentation for the development (master) branch.
                   Looking for the documentation of the current **stable** branch?
                   `Have a look here <https://docs.godotengine.org/en/stable>`_.


Welcome to the official build documentation of `F1tenth <http://f1tenth.org/>`_. If you are new to this documentation,
we recommend that you read the :ref:`introduction page <doc_intro>` to
get an overview of what this documentation has to offer.

The table of contents below and in the sidebar should let you easily access the
documentation for your topic of interest. You can also use the search function
in the top left corner.

.. note:: F1tenth is an open source project developed by a community of
          researchers and students. The documentation team can always use your
          feedback and help to improve the tutorials and class reference. If
          you don't understand something, or cannot find what you
          are looking for in the docs, help us make the documentation better
          by letting us know!

          Submit an issue or pull request on the `GitHub repository
          <https://github.com/kimnluong/f1tenth_doc>`_,
          and join us on slack!

The main documentation for the site is organized into the following sections:

.. 
	.. toctree::
..    :maxdepth: 1
..    :caption: General
..    :name: sec-general

..    about/index


.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :caption: Getting started
   :name: sec-build

   getting_started/intro 
   getting_started/build_car
   getting_started/software_setup/index
   getting_started/appendix/index
.. getting_started/bom

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :caption: Going Forward
   :name: sec-forward

   going_forward/intro
   going_forward/algorithms
   going_forward/simulation

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :caption: Learn
   :name: sec-learn

   learn/index
  

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :caption: Press
   :name: sec-press

   press/index


.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :caption: contact
   :name: sec-support-contact

   contact


.. Indices and tables
.. ------------------
..
.. * :ref:`genindex`
.. * :ref:`modindex`
.. * :ref:`search`

Commit message:

Made more edits and cleaned up build section.

index.rst, after:

f1tenth - build documentation
================================================

Welcome to the official build documentation of `F1tenth <http://f1tenth.org/>`_. 

If you want to learn how to make the vehicle, :ref:`Getting Started <doc_build_intro>` walks through how to build the car from ground up. It will also explain how to install all of the required firmware and software.

If you already have a working car and the work environment set up, then check out :ref:`Going Forward <doc_going_forward_intro>` to learn how to install the simulator and implement some fun algorithms.

Join in the discussion with us on Slack! There, you can ask build questions, bring up software concerns, look for competition updates, and much more.

.. image:: img/add-to-slack.png
   :target: https://join.slack.com/t/f1tenth-teams/shared_invite/enQtMzc3ODU2ODM1NzE3LTBjMmVkMzZjZTJiNWUzZDFhZTJiODgzMjg0MTA1MDAxZTUxMzkwMDRhNTM2NzdjNDc5MTk5YTc5YmNhNTdhMTU

The table of contents below and in the sidebar should let you easily access the
documentation for your topic of interest. You can also use the search function
in the top left corner.

.. note:: F1tenth is an open source project developed by a community of
          researchers and students. The documentation team can always use your
          feedback and help to improve the tutorials and class reference. If
          you don't understand something, or cannot find what you
          are looking for in the docs, help us make the documentation better
          by letting us know!

          Submit an issue or pull request on the `GitHub repository
          <https://github.com/kimnluong/f1tenth_doc>`_.

The main documentation for the site is organized into the following sections:

.. 
	.. toctree::
..    :maxdepth: 1
..    :caption: General
..    :name: sec-general

..    about/index


.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :caption: Getting started
   :name: sec-build

   getting_started/intro 
   getting_started/build_car
   getting_started/software_setup/index
   getting_started/firmware
   getting_started/appendix/index
   getting_started/faq
.. getting_started/bom

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :caption: Going Forward
   :name: sec-forward

   going_forward/intro
   going_forward/simulation
   going_forward/algorithms


.. 
	.. toctree::
..    :maxdepth: 1
..    :caption: Learn
..    :name: sec-learn

..    learn/index
  

.. 
	.. toctree::
..    :maxdepth: 1
..    :caption: Press
..    :name: sec-press

..    press/index


.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :caption: Support
   :name: sec-support-contact

   contact


.. Indices and tables
.. ------------------
..
.. * :ref:`genindex`
.. * :ref:`modindex`
.. * :ref:`search`
